[IOTDB-552] Restrictions of predicates in ALIGN_BY_DEVICE statements are not well stated (#898)
apache/incubator-iotdb: docs/Documentation/UserGuide/5-Operation Manual/4-SQL Reference.md

7. The duplicated measurements in the suffix paths are not neglected.  
For example, "select s0,s0,s1 from root.sg.* align by device" is not equal to "select s0,s1 from root.sg.* align by device".

> 8. Both time predicates and value predicates are allowed in Where Clause. The paths of the value predicates can be single level or full path started with ROOT. And wildcard is not allowed here. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Both time predicates and value predicates are allowed in Where Clause. The paths of the value predicates can be the leaf node or full path started with ROOT. And wildcard is not allowed here. For example:
```
